this street how was the accident
So I've been climbing my
normal bearing when in that curve
there the car of the car was lost invaded the
against him and hit forward with the
truck with nothing to do
You are charged in direction of
where I'm not empty of Toinho
rattlesnake Boituva was inevitable
Accident was inevitable I tried to divert
but there was no way he ran in the
track and do not turn and hit front
the truck had no way to make mine
when the vehicle was going to
boy's speed must be high
and too high by the curve not to be so
strong
you can see that his condition is very
high and he could not control the
car that went against the hand I had
a little slower and has been able to
control the kamizaki car plus one
accident here at pr 444
because we were informed of an accident
where a truck and a
sloop in the
the sloop driver which adds this
road accident with 134 direct
fatalities is speed
I have no doubt speeding up
she really contributes
drivers are aware that
This highway is usually 110
extrapolate speed
this sloop vehicle punk so the
people noticed there he ended up knocking on the
truck on the opposite lane he followed
in the direction of arapongas city ​​of maringá
and ended up beating up against
improbably probable even if he
have lost control of your high
come crashing across the
truck driving towards
contrary measures now the driver
he answers something from the truck.
for this type of occurrence because it has a
fatality on the spot
this is the following is the bulletin and
then it is prejulgado through the police
civil